the word that's been used over and over
from news to social media is that the
Hamas military Wings infiltration of the
Gaza fence was
unprecedented this video was posted by
alasan brigades the military wing of
Hamas from their website to telegram
they had filmmakers with them recording
every moment they wanted the world to
see as they broke through the fence some
of the paragliders were filmed from a
party in Israel before people fled many
were killed or captured
as they sent thousands of rockets from
Gaza this ex user posted white streets
of rockets over the Skies of
Jerusalem and this was posted from Tel
Aviv airport as passengers were told to
lay flat on the ground within a few
hours people in Gaza took to X to post
Israeli air strikes on
Gaza there has been much criticism
across the platforms firstly how Israel
could have been blindsided journalist
Bel Tru stated on X that it's a
birthplace of the world's most powerful
surveillance software but no one saw
this coming and journalist Angel Fifer
says many have been comparing this to
what Israelis call the concept an idea
that Israel was infallible before they
were surprised 50 years ago when Egypt
and Syria attacked in the 1973 War but
he points out a key difference this is
not a war for Israel's survival it's not
facing invading armies
and others took to social media to point
out double standards in the outrage
Express over the Hamas offensive but not
the Israeli occupation poet Remy Kazi
pointed out that calm is when Gaza is
bombed villagers are invaded homes are
bordeau journalists are shot calm
shattered is when Palestinians
respond and cartoons depicting the
moment alasan brigades broke through the
Israeli fence have been shared across
social PL platforms cartoonist Mahmud
arafi posted this of the parachutes
across the Gaza fence and this cartoon
from bisan Arafat depicts a captured
Israeli bulldozer ramming through the
Gaza Israel border fence thanks for
joining us we'll keep you updated on the
latest